# Modified Simple Machine License

## Definitions

1. This Package is defined as all of the files within any archive
   file or any group of files released in conjunction by the initial
   developers, or a derived or modified work based on
   such files.

2. A Modification, or a Mod, is defined as instructions, to be
   performed manually or in an automated manner, that alter any part
   of this Package.

3. A Modified Package is defined as this Package or a derivative of
   it with one or more Modification applied to it.

4. Distribution is defined as allowing one or more other people to in
   any way download or receive a copy of this Package, a Modified
   Package, or a derivative of this Package.

5. The Software is defined as an installed copy of this Package, a
   Modified Package, or a derivative of this Package.

6. Us is defined as the initial developers of this Package,
   `Alexandru-Paul Copil`

## Agreement

    1. Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify and/or study this Package, provided that:

       a. All copyright notices within source files and as generated by the Software as output are retained, unchanged.

       b. Any Distribution of this Package, whether as a Modified Package or not, includes this license and is released under the terms of this Agreement. This clause is not dependant upon any measure of changes made to this Package.

       c. This Package, Modified Packages, and derivative works may not
          be sold or released under any paid license. No fees must be
          imposed on any kind of use, distribution or hosting of this Package.
          No form of income can be made using this Software or any Modification
          of this Software.

        d. Any Distribution of this Package, whether as a Modified
           Package or not, requires express written consent from Us.

    2. You may make Modifications to this Package or a derivative of it,
       and distribute your Modifications in a form that is separate from
       the Package, such as patches. The following restrictions apply to
       Modifications:

        a. A Modification must not alter or remove any copyright notices
           in the Software or Package, generated or otherwise.

        b. When a Modification to the Package is released, a
           non-exclusive royalty-free right is granted to Us
           to distribute the Modification in future versions of the
           Package provided such versions remain available under the
           terms of this Agreement in addition to any other license(s).

        c. Any Distribution of a Modified Package or derivative requires
           express written consent from Us.

    3. Permission is hereby also granted to distribute programs which
       depend on this Package, provided that you do not distribute any
       Modified Package without express written consent.

    4. We reserves the right to change the terms of this Agreement at any
       time, although those changes are not retroactive
       to past releases.

    5. This Agreement will terminate automatically if you fail to comply
       with the limitations described herein. Upon termination, you must
       destroy all copies of this Package, the Software, and any
       derivatives within 48 hours.
